feat(docs): Update app-stores.md (#18927)
expo/expo: docs/pages/distribution/app-stores.md

---
title: App Store Best Practices
sidebar_title: Best Practices
---

import { Collapsible } from '~/ui/components/Collapsible';
import { ConfigClassic } from '~/components/plugins/ConfigSection';
import { BoxLink } from '~/ui/components/BoxLink';

> This guide offers best practices around submitting your app to the app stores. To learn how to generate native binaries for submission, refer to ["Creating your first build"](/build/setup/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide offers best practices for submitting your app to the app stores. To learn how to generate native binaries for submission, refer to ["Creating your first build"](/build/setup/).
```

<BoxLink title="Versioning your app" description="Learn how to configure native runtime versions for your apps." href="/build-reference/app-versions" />
<BoxLink title="App Store presence" description="Manage your Apple App Store metadata from the command line." href="/eas-metadata/introduction" />
<BoxLink title="Permissions" description="Refine native permissions and system dialog messages." href="/guides/permissions" />
<BoxLink title="App icons" description="App stores have strict rules for home screen icons." href="/guides/app-icons" />
<BoxLink title="Splash screen" description="Create a seamless loading experience using with the splash screen API." href="/guides/splash-screens" />
<BoxLink title="Status bar" description="Configure the native status bar to have high contrast on all screens." href="/guides/configuring-statusbar" />
<BoxLink title="Apple: Review guidelines" description="Official Apple guide on preparing your app for App Store review." href="https://developer.apple.com/app-store/review" />

## Responsive design

> It's a good idea to test your app on a device or simulator with a small screen (e.g. an iPhone SE) as well as a large screen (e.g. an iPhone X). Ensure your components render the way you expect, no buttons are blocked, and all text fields are accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a good idea to test your app on a device or simulator with a small screen (for example, an iPhone SE) and a large screen (for example, an iPhone X). Ensure your components render the way you expect, no buttons are blocked, and all text fields are accessible.
```

(Unrelated to the changes to the, PR so far but I think this is nice to have improvement)
Let's avoid Latin abbreviations.

</ConfigClassic>

## Localizing your iOS app

> If you plan on shipping your app to different countries, regions, or just want it to support various languages, you can provide [localized](/versions/latest/sdk/localization) strings for things like the display name and system dialogs. All of this is easily set up [in your app.json](/workflow/configuration). First, set `ios.infoPlist.CFBundleAllowMixedLocalizations: true`, then provide a list of file paths to `locales`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan on shipping your app to different countries, or regions, or want it to support various languages, you can provide [localized](/versions/latest/sdk/localization) strings for things like the display name and system dialogs. All of this is easily set up [in your app.json](/workflow/configuration). First, set `ios.infoPlist.CFBundleAllowMixedLocalizations: true`, then provide a list of file paths to `locales`.
```
